lab spec:

1. Find out your partener. The lab is done in a group of two people.  

2. Follow the "Connect your BBG Wireless and your computer via Wi-Fi" 
   instruction on BeagleBone spec to 

	1. connect your beaglebone to the lab WiFi: CR3760-wifi, 
	password is 3760ClassNet
	2. ssh to your beaglebone as root via ssh root@192.168.8.1
	
3.  You will notice that you are not asked for a password to log in, this is 
	dangerous as other people can log into your board as root without knowing 
	your password. 
	
	Setup the password for root user. 

4.  Install xauth and xterm by typing

	apt-get install xauth  #xauth is needed for ssh -X option to work
	apt-get install xterm

5.	To avoid confusion, 

	setup a unique hostname for your board. 
	
	Make sure the hostname on your board is different the one on your 
	partener's board.  
	
	In the following parts of the lab, if you are not sure whether you're 
	currently in your board or in your partener's board, use the hostname 
	command to figure it out. 

6. Now let both your partener and your board connected to the lab Wi-Fi. 

7. SSh into your partener's board with user root. 

	To do this you need to know the ip address of your partener's board. 
	Run the ifconfig command on your partener's board. 
	The inet addr in the wlan0 section shows the ip address of your 
	partener's board. 
	
	Your partener will also need to tell you the root password on his/her 
	board. 
	
	Help your partener to log into your board as well. 

8. log out from your partener's board. 
	
	Now you need to create a non-root user account for 
	your partener to log in. 
	
	Do this by using useradd and passwd command. 
	
	You also need to make a home directory for the new user. 
	Do this by using mkdir /home/new_user_name. And then invoke chown 
	command to change the owner of the home directory to the newly created
	user. 

9. 	ssh into your partener's board with the newly created user account
	and help your partener to do the same thing. 

10. Use the ssh* command to allow you to ssh to your partener's board 
	without typing any password/passphase. Help your partener to do the 
	same thing. 
	
11. Close all the terminals connected to BBG. 
	Now ssh to your beaglebone with -X option and then from your beaglebone 
	to ssh into your partener's beaglebone with -X option. 
	
	invoke xterm command on your partener's board with your ssh session.
	You should be able to see a shell window on your host

12. That's all for the lab! Start writing your lab report and consider 
	selling your board to get your 50 bucks back (Joke). 
